README.md, before:

# Project Euler problems in Prolog [![Build Status](https://api.cirrus-ci.com/github/fp555/euler-prolog.svg)](https://cirrus-ci.com/github/fp555/euler-prolog)
Since my Prolog is *not amazing* it's very likely that my solutions will be inefficient, inelegant or both.

Problems will come as I have time to do them, along with some comments. Feel free to ignore them.
### Why Prolog?
- It's a language I like
- It's a language that **makes sense**
- It's a language that makes one strive for maximum elegance and clarity
### Why [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/about)?
- The problems are challenging and often interesting
- You have to solve the problem before you code. The goal is to always have a clear plan on what to write and what you expect to get back
- Solving the problems as written is fine, solving the general case is better
### Do you want to try Prolog? 
1. Install something like [SWI-Prolog](https://www.swi-prolog.org/Download.html), or embrace the awesomeness of [SWISH](https://swish.swi-prolog.org/)
2. [RTFM](https://www.swi-prolog.org/pldoc/doc_for?object=manual)

Commit message:

Add swish links in README

README.md, after:

# Project Euler problems in Prolog [![Build Status](https://api.cirrus-ci.com/github/fp555/euler-prolog.svg)](https://cirrus-ci.com/github/fp555/euler-prolog)
Since my Prolog is *not amazing* it's very likely that my solutions will be inefficient, inelegant or both.

Problems will come as I have time to do them, along with some comments. Feel free to ignore them.
### Why Prolog?
- It's a language I like
- It's a language that **makes sense**
- It's a language that makes one strive for maximum elegance and clarity
### Why [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/about)?
- The problems are challenging and often interesting
- You have to solve the problem before you code. The goal is to always have a clear plan on what to write and what you expect to get back
- Solving the problems as written is fine, solving the general case is better
## Do you want to try Prolog? 
You can [clone](https://help.github.com/en/articles/cloning-a-repository) or [download](https://github.com/fp555/euler-prolog/archive/master.zip) my repository and play with it after installing something like [SWI-Prolog](https://www.swi-prolog.org/Download.html), or you can embrace the awesomeness of [SWISH](https://swish.swi-prolog.org/) and run my code in your browser!
#### Preview links
Click the link and run the default goal:

[Problem 1](http://swish.swi-prolog.org/?code=https://github.com/fp555/euler-prolog/raw/master/euler001.pro) | [Problem 2](http://swish.swi-prolog.org/?code=https://github.com/fp555/euler-prolog/raw/master/euler002.pro) | [Problem 3](http://swish.swi-prolog.org/?code=https://github.com/fp555/euler-prolog/raw/master/euler003.pro) | [Problem 5](http://swish.swi-prolog.org/?code=https://github.com/fp555/euler-prolog/raw/master/euler005.pro)
--- | --- | --- | ---
